nrf_dm: Adding version 0.7.1 of nrf_dm (#814)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_dm/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All the notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

main
****

All the notable changes added to the |NCS| main are documented in this section.

Added
=====

> * :c:func:`void nrf_dm_get_hopping_sequence(const nrf_dm_config_t * config, uint8_t hopping_sequence[NRF_DM_CHANNEL_MAP_LEN])`, to get the channel hopping sequence used during the measurement procedure.

Reviewer: I think the build fails because of this.
Probably :c:func:`nrf_dm_get_hopping_sequence` should be used.

Reviewer: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/runs/8073180130?check_suite_focus=true

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

Author: Thanks, giving it another try

* :c:func:`uint32_t nrf_dm_get_duration_us(const nrf_dm_config_t * config)`, to get the duration of a measurement procedure in microseconds.

Changes
=======

> * Invalid results of :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` now returns `NaN`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Invalid results of :c:func:`nrf_dm_high_precision_calc` now return `NaN`.
```

Author: Done.

> * Increase the number of measurements with quality :c:enumerator:`NRF_DM_QUALITY_OK`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The number of measurements can now be increases with the :c:enumerator:`NRF_DM_QUALITY_OK` quality.
```

Reviewer: It's more like:
The number of measurements with quality c:enumerator:`NRF_DM_QUALITY_OK` was increased.

Author: Updated to @Tschet1  suggestion here
